is Tom for Weezie's daily vlog hello
wheezy Newser it's today's interesting
here's why I have I want to get a wheezy
waiter video done but at 4 o'clock I
gotta leave with Matt Webber and Ryan
wolf to the airport because we are going
to San Francisco to interview a world
record holder for paper airplane
throwing he threw it the farthest or his
plane goes the farthest and we're
interviewing him for the good stuff
and I'm coming back on Sunday very short
trip but I gotta get a wheezy waiter
video number 4 I'm not sure I'm gonna
get it done
but I'm gonna try why not try ok I think
I'm like halfway done writing a wheezy
waiter video and it's noon 30 ish and I
got to eat now we're eating food oh my
gosh and I'm I'm worried I'm not gonna
get this done but I think it's gonna be
good whenever I get it done China's
gotta go to work and I'm gonna be flying
away while she's gone so you gonna be
here when you get back I know well see
ya and you guys could say goodbye to her
cuz you're not gonna see her for a
couple days either you might see her on
skype might try to see a couple days or
maybe on skype box yeah hey it's David
alright we're on our way to San
Francisco not quite yet we're in the car
on our way iving yes you take quite a
while we're not driving duh guys we got
our equipment oh man I've never had this
much equipment through an airport before
there
they always love big heavy bags a big
heavy bags and things that jut out and
our sharp look suspicious yes and now
we're in liner security and we're
running late we might miss the flight
we'll see yep and we made it to our gate
and they're not even boarding yet we
have ten minutes to spare and I ran
hey if you live in Fort Collins we are
flying over you right now and I believe
8:20 p.m. in your timezone
shut up or I'm gonna do an art film now
this one's entitled baggage claim but
too much okay
Dean that's French for the end
what'd you think of my film it was
enthralling breathtaking musical
whimsical and salacious got it good work
everyone
mostly me I don't want to got it so so
there we're in a hotel room guys it's
three dudes in a hotel rooms we're
working on getting food we're very
hungry
and we have to go to bed because we have
to get very very early to go to
Sacramento to interview world wrecking
wrecking wrecking holder I'm tired
bye all right listen we're waiting for
pizza I really wanted to show you guys
the pizza but I'm too tired I just gotta
end the vlog you know David so you want
to end the vlog all right do it
no that's not it's closed be not be
careful